Upgrade appengine-plugins-core to 0.10.0 (#491)
GoogleCloudPlatform/app-maven-plugin: CHANGELOG.md

## 2.4.5-SNAPSHOT

> * Update to appengine-plugins-core 0.10.0 that supports GAE Java21 runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Update to appengine-plugins-core 0.10.0 that supports GAE java17 and java21 runtimes.
```
